{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Start:\
Goal of the project:\
We want to know how successful marketing campaigns can be. It is a very common tactic since it is an easy way to gauge engagement. For example I know I get calls from my school every year asking for money, which is another type of telephone/marketing campaign. If you can determine the factors that get a yes back from most amount of prospects, you can tailor and run a really successful campaign. The dataset we have allows us to do just that. It is information from a marketing campaign conducting by a Portuguese bank. They were calling prospects in an attempt to get them to sign up for a term deposit. \
\
Our dataset has 20 features and 1 binary target. The features are split up into 4 main groups. The first group has basic prospect information like age and education level. The second group of features contains information related to the last time the prospect was contacted during the campaign since prospects can be contacted more than once. The third group is historical information related to older campaigns run by the bank. And the last group is economic statistics that give you an indicator of how the economy is doing at the time the prospect was contacted. Using this information, we were able to train a model to predict whether a prospect will sign up for a term deposit.\
\
Body:\
Data Science workflow:\
Ask - \
Main question - Can we predict if a prospect will convert?(will they sign up for a term deposit?)\
Side questions to investigate - \
What are the most/least important features for predicting a prospect sign up?\
How much of a factor do economic conditions play in getting people to sign up? If there are bad economic conditions does it make more sense to not run a campaign since the conversion rate would be so low?\
Does contacting a prospect multiple times increase or decrease the chance of conversion?\
\
Acquire - \
The data has already been acquired for us in a mostly tabular form, it just needs some cleaning and processing. We will be able to tell after working on the project more if it has the most relevant data to answer our main question?\
\
Process - \
The data \
\
\
To Do list - \
1)  Hyperparamter tuning \
2) Official model selection and just go with the best one, select a couple of f1_scores to display to show that we fit a couple different models\
3) AUC ROC curves and PR curve to use for slides\
4) Model interpretation and more feature selection, confusion matrix\
5) Feature importance to do for model interpretation visually to show recommendations for future campaigns\
\
\
The most important part of the talk, the business part\
We are more willing to have false positives because getting a yes is so important to our business process. We are willing to risk more false positives to decrease the number of false negatives. Basically want the number in lower left square as small as possible. \
\
\
}